Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me okay
Yes, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh boy. So we are in the new apartment holy hack.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only took three years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm just playing with you. I'm, I'm just excited for you. Sorry.
Joshua Lopez: No, it's nice. A sucks with everything going on, what's supposed to get some furniture Friday and every store is closed, so we're
Joshua Lopez: Going to be there for about a month or so until stores are to be open.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, are you going to have a couch maybe delivered or something.
Joshua Lopez: I was going to get my dining room table Friday and then
Joshua Lopez: Two weeks or yeah actually two weeks from tomorrow is going to have my couch delivered
Joshua Lopez: But all that kind of changed.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you guys just where are you sitting when you're hanging out in the
Joshua Lopez: War basically
Joshua Lopez: Every night for dinner we throw the towel out and tend to have a picnic on the floor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotcha, gotcha.
Joshua Lopez: That's cool. Yeah, not the greatest but
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever kids, kids, they don't judge about that you know what we remember we remember how we feel around people. We don't remember the silly material stuff what sits with us is how we felt around a person
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all that's what sticks.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're making sure it's loving and that's the important part.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so let me have it. How is it really going up in that brain YEARS ARE YOU CRYING Are you making yourself nuts. What's going on in there.
Joshua Lopez: Um, for the most part, I've been okay I've been okay
Joshua Lopez: Not really up not really down. I do have my down moments, but okay. I
Joshua Lopez: Mean, I'm excited. It's nice to have a place to call home.
Joshua Lopez: Is what it is. I've just been focused when I go to work I try to focus just on work when I'm home or tried to just focus on the kids.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, I mean,
Joshua Lopez: I'm doing doing okay I'm doing my best.
Joshua Lopez: Still, still drive myself a little crazy thinking about her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, listen, Josh. I think sometimes I might be that one person that you can you can be a little raw with give yourself permission. Get your tissue having handy because in here. You can sit with those feelings as they come and they go
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right on time. You are grieving, a very important relationship. I don't know what's going to happen in the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this is a big deal. And I've talked to you about the significance specifically to your psychological development.
Gwenevere Abriel: It has a very specific impact on you. Maybe someone else grief would look a little different but your grief having to grieve.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you thought would be this particular image of this family this marriage, this, this, this, because of the identity piece. It's. It has a very significant impact on you. So this might take a little longer than the average bear. And so what
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah.
Joshua Lopez: Just
Joshua Lopez: I do my best to never call to keep contact you just when it's about the kids.
Joshua Lopez: You know, I, I can't help it, though, when I go to pick up the kids or she comes to drop off the kid they can't help but feel a little excited to see her, you know, okay.
Joshua Lopez: Last night she dropped him off. She stopped in picked up dinner for us, which she didn't have to. But she she did and
Joshua Lopez: Is like she ordered it like special. I guess you know she ordered a medium pizza three slices with green chili personal salad for me.
Yeah.
Joshua Lopez: She
Joshua Lopez: You know she's still think about me.
Joshua Lopez: Then sometimes just being here, just, it feels
Joshua Lopez: Like it's always felt real but like it's
Joshua Lopez: Real now you know
Joshua Lopez: The kids are are with
Joshua Lopez: Come home from work to an empty house. It just just feels so real. Sometimes
Joshua Lopez: Then everything going on.
Joshua Lopez: And just
Joshua Lopez: can't help but think something bad were to happen, this is how you know this is these are the last feelings at all have
Joshua Lopez: You know, just stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what the feelings are, these are the last ones. I'll have what are they, what's name on
Joshua Lopez: Regret
Joshua Lopez: Rejection
Joshua Lopez: Rejection regret.
Is a big ones.
Joshua Lopez: sad, lonely.
Joshua Lopez: They asked for pictures of the kiddos.
Joshua Lopez: And going through some of them. It just, it was kind of hard because
Joshua Lopez: Some of those were great times, you know, they were great. Well,
Joshua Lopez: About a month ago, before I even asked for pictures out of the blue. She sent me a picture of me and my daughter when she was in kindergarten with Daddy donut day
Joshua Lopez: I just see the smile on my face that
Joshua Lopez: I haven't seen in a long time.
Joshua Lopez: Now when I did ask for pictures she sent me one over the phone. Again, me and my daughter and her were having dinner and I'm holding my daughter. And again, just this huge huge smile.
Joshua Lopez: Know that that smile you have when
Joshua Lopez: Nothing else really matters because right there in that moment, you feel so
Joshua Lopez: Complete and happy.
Joshua Lopez: All the time.
Joshua Lopez: I felt like the richest guy in the world just having my kids and my wife.
Joshua Lopez: And us coexisting functioning well
Joshua Lopez: At those pictures. It was I needed them because I wanted pictures of my kids here, but it's also hard to see those and
Joshua Lopez: You know,
Joshua Lopez: Like, I know we were
Joshua Lopez: I know we were on a bad track. I know things were going south, a long time ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tony, you know that.
Joshua Lopez: We, the talks. We've had just the things that I was overlooking
Joshua Lopez: But it wasn't always like that, you know, get one time I felt like we had each other's backs to the very end.
Joshua Lopez: I just, I don't know how that
Joshua Lopez: I don't know how I'm still stuck on that and, you know,
Joshua Lopez: How she's not, you know,
Joshua Lopez: It's like it's easier for her.
Joshua Lopez: A lot easier for her to let go and I'm still stuck here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk a little bit about having each other's backs.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you
Gwenevere Abriel: overlooking something
Gwenevere Abriel: And the fact that there were, there was some information along the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: When did you start to notice or when could you have noticed that you do or don't have her back or maybe let's start with her. Let's look at her for just a moment, then we'll come back to you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where could you have noticed, months or years prior, that she didn't have your back there might have been assigned that you might have overlooked just dip into that for just a hot second you can come right back out of it, just see if you can catch a sign.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or she is not had your back.
Joshua Lopez: Around when her sister moved in downstairs, like I just
Joshua Lopez: Did feel her slipping away like she's to come home and tell me about her day or come home and
Joshua Lopez: You know, spend time with me in the kids and
Joshua Lopez: That changed.
Joshua Lopez: She just always went downstairs, for she was always
Joshua Lopez: You know,
Joshua Lopez: I just
Joshua Lopez: Felt slipping away when we
Joshua Lopez: Little bit around when I joined right heart.
Joshua Lopez: When I first started to see it. I don't know if it was slipping prior to that.
Joshua Lopez: It was around that time or sister had moved in and
Joshua Lopez: It just felt different
Joshua Lopez: Prior to that, you know,
Joshua Lopez: She was trying to help me get my food truck go in. She supported me in things that I did. And, you know,
Joshua Lopez: Ever felt down she
Joshua Lopez: would lift me up and
Gwenevere Abriel: How, how could she do that what what was she doing to lift your last job.
Joshua Lopez: For instance, if we were struggling and
Joshua Lopez: She just told me you know we're doing. We're doing good. You taking care of us don't feel down about it.
Joshua Lopez: Stuff like that just
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's a lifting of the Spirit. Is that what that is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the mood, the pressure, the negative like you might have had a negative thought and she might say we're doing good. Don't feel down
Joshua Lopez: Then towards, towards the end, it was the opposite, that you know it was
Joshua Lopez: We're in this position because of you. Or, you know, it's like a complete 180
Joshua Lopez: And it hadn't been like that. I mean,
Joshua Lopez: The first 10 years that we were together in a nap years were together it was
Joshua Lopez: We were there, you know,
Joshua Lopez: A lot change. And I don't want to just blame her sister anymore, but a lot did change when she moved in downstairs. It was just
Joshua Lopez: slowly started to not recognize her anymore.
Joshua Lopez: Now, I really can't say I know her nine months, we've been apart. She's kind of a different person from
Joshua Lopez: You know, and that's one of the things I tell myself to
Joshua Lopez: Remember that you're in, not in love with her, you're in love with the idea for the you love the person. She was not the person she is. Yeah, I tried to tell myself that to
Joshua Lopez: to guess how let go.
Joshua Lopez: But sometimes, saying that makes it like other emotions come up like geez, you don't even know her anymore, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are all thoughts. I'm guessing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That the emotion you want to feel is complete.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Rich and fulfilled and deeply connected
Gwenevere Abriel: Those the feelings you want
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are the exact opposite of lonely. Not Enough said.
Gwenevere Abriel: You spend minutes possibly hours a day, put together revisiting double checking cross checking
Gwenevere Abriel: Did I do it. Was it her who, where do I, where should I land. The blame wasn't me. You're brave leave and looking that it had something to do with you and you're very brave to do that. But either way, the feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Is not completion.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this rich life.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you recognize it when you looked at those pictures of you and your daughter. Two of them were you had a big smile on your face.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you continue to revisit reprocess
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to miss out on number in the moment, being in the moment with your daughter. Having a picnic getting lost in in the perfection of it you are missing out.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may never have this moment. In fact, we don't even know if future moments could be awful and you missed out on really being present with them on picnic time
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes me sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your whole you are a whole person.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are not incomplete.
Gwenevere Abriel: But right there is this underlying part did it feels as if you are incomplete, but you're not, you will get that sense of I am so blessed. This is the rich moment again.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you stop ruminating about the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll be present with a food fight on the floor before all the fancy furniture gets there, you'll do some kind of fun wall painting before it gets fancy you'll be in the moment you will be in play.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you are half there.
Joshua Lopez: You're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you're, you're not going to get a notice this, this completion. I tell you, being with really present
Gwenevere Abriel: With our children can bring it
Gwenevere Abriel: They can bring that same experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: And over time you'll recognize it. And over time, you'll be able to sort of get that same feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: When you lift 50 pounds more than you did a year ago when you catch yourself in some sort of routine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you're eating really well you're hanging out at work and you just solve their problem at work that no one else thought of. And you thought of it, you're going to get that happy back, you're going to get it back.
Gwenevere Abriel: The more you spend time. There's all these notes, there's all this rejection and all this regret YOU SPEND TIME. I WOULD FEEL BAD TO
Gwenevere Abriel: All of us would doesn't mean you're broken. It just means you have a negative emotional connections to all of this, this thinking all this part.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can decide not today. Today I'm gonna fall in love with my kids, again, in a way, I never have before. I'm going to give to my children what my mother could not give to me. She could not let go of her picky, picky ways and twisted thinking. Nope, I'm going to connect to my kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am going to have a blast with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I will not repeat this pattern.
Gwenevere Abriel: And fall in love with them again a band and all of this, right. No, it's this is it be with these kids because they're not they're not all wrapped up in in that that neuroses that we adults are they want you present right there with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not hurting. We don't want our children taking care of us emotionally where there's a real risk if you don't mind my saying of your daughter doing that for you. It's a risky little spot right there. I do worry sometimes she needs to just play just play play by play
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got it in you and I think you're so close. It's just right around the corner right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you spend time
Gwenevere Abriel: In those memories in that what I call the neural network, right, because there's just a whole chunk of information right there instead of being in the moment and finding out the next new thing to play with them. The next new thing to do. And I can tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: This girl network will start to prune if you stop visiting it every time you revisit it you strengthen it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just made another connection. Another synaptic connections you just strengthen literally the tissue.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's tissue. It's our brain is mush. Right. It's actually this mushy stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just made it stronger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know your therapist is like no I know that's going to come naturally. And believe me, I get the logic, but you've done. You've done your fair share of self reflection. What was my part. You've done it, you've done your due diligence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you've suffered you've paid your penance, you went and you kicked but you got a
Gwenevere Abriel: Great job, you got a great relationship with your kids you pushed back at a toxic family environment. You've got the heck out of your house, your family of origin house you got away from there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. You're staying. And while all of this is going on, just so much you are maintaining your recovery program which is baffling.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is it is taking so much strength. That means that when this is all on the other side of this, you get to say
Gwenevere Abriel: And I did this without using the escape hatch of drugs and alcohol, you get to say I did this on my terms, I didn't run away from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The thick mud of this pain you trench through it just inch by inch and you have every second have earned a reward you fought hard for it and it's yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's no nobody can say, oh, it's because you were, you know, a man you drank your way through that. Are you using pills. The whole time you're on such a low dose Joshua, no one can rob you of taking pride in how hard you have done this. This work is all yours. It's all yours. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: hard earned
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything else you face is going to pale to this. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I used to say this to my folks that
Gwenevere Abriel: That would be in felony drug court. It's a whole year. Let me tell you what they would have to do three days a week, they would be in there for at least three hours a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: For three days a week for the first month drug screens twice a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Group individual therapy. On and on and they would have to take a bus from West Palm Beach. They're down here in Broward County.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was hard, and then I'm a supervisor and they would come in the office.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did the crime in Broward County, you're going to do the time
Gwenevere Abriel: I get that, I get that. But the thing that I knew to be true because I've also been to their graduation ceremonies. At the end of the year.
Gwenevere Abriel: And graduated and they get to say this is the hardest thing I've ever done. This was so hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: I lost two jobs. I had to do with baby mama drama me kids. My kids money but like all like it all just we had to face it. We had to face these dilemmas and guess what they did, they graduated and now I say to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: That job you want
Gwenevere Abriel: Going back to school. Is it really that scary. Now, does it take some other set of skills.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or have you done one of the hardest things you'll ever do. And now when you think about what you want to do for the rest of your life, you now have this memory to say I'm a bad ass. I know I can do something that I never thought I could do and I can do it clean. I can be clean.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can look to the future, I can rely on this memory and say, I can do this. I did something difficult
Gwenevere Abriel: To remember how awful and scared pissed off. I was, and I did it anyway. I can do it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: If, if that's just the summary, we work with to keep you going to get you excited about how, no matter how you come at this. This is your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: You either get into it and get excited are you do you do this other sad rumination what if, what if I adjust what if I adjust it will not get you the sense of completion of richness.
Gwenevere Abriel: That being present and excited about who you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing something incredibly difficult right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: No one can take that. No. Your mother could never say to you and get away with it, your week I'm sorry enough, she can never say it because you you know in real time how hard this is new job. I was, you know, living out your car for a hot second I think mom this wife did that CPS this
Gwenevere Abriel: The Suboxone program. My kids are going here. My wife's doing that. I mean, what more I, oh, now you got a little coronavirus on top of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm sorry, but nobody can ever say to you, you don't have what it takes. Nobody. It's a fact you've got exactly what it takes. You can do difficult things you didn't run you stood here, brace yourself with it. You cried while
Gwenevere Abriel: You were angry or short tempered you withdrew. You came out. You did all of the gyrations that all of the antics that we humans do to get through something difficult but you stood your ground you held on tight.
Gwenevere Abriel: AND YOU WAITED through the deep
Gwenevere Abriel: No one can take that from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: No one can tell you you don't have what it takes you can stand right there and look them in the eye and be like, I got nothing to say. I already know who I am. I'm a man.
Joshua Lopez: I do, I do agree a lot with that is by far the hardest time
Joshua Lopez: But I said it earlier in the divorce.
Joshua Lopez: One of the Silver Linings I saw was, I'm not numbing it I'm not running from it. I'm
Joshua Lopez: Dealing with it and
Joshua Lopez: You know, I, I do. I do hope and I do try to break these cycles of premonition and all that stuff that kind of brings me back for negative spot. I am trying to work on it. And I know
Joshua Lopez: I know it's up to me to to break that cycle.
Joshua Lopez: Sometimes. Sometimes I'll go a whole day without any premonition
Joshua Lopez: Sometimes they'll all wake up fresh out of bed and it's like the first thought. And it's like, why you know me, I got my coffee or cigarette yet just yeah okay
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, definitely.
Joshua Lopez: Definitely need to break out of it and need to start building the right tissue up there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know where it is. It's the stuff we just talked about. It's about immersing yourself in the things that you love. And I gotta tell you something.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you are learning something new, the brain loves it loves novelty. So of all the times in your life to be going online and doing some kind of little training, something that's kind of piqued your curiosity to occupy your mind really because learning something new.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is takes all this focus takes whole brain effort, all the different parts of the brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: And guess what you just spent a whole hour in a different part of the brain growing that tissue building confidence and then you get to look at that hour and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I had control over my emotional life. I turned my attention here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there something you cuz, come on. We got the internet. I mean, there's so much we could do right now I'm getting a retraining. I'm getting some specialized training in
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and there's so much information about different medications and interventions that when I was in school. They didn't offer me I'm breathing. I'm, I mean, it's all these videos and all these tests so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to go check it out because it helps my brain. It helps me psychologically during this stressful time I'm making sure I'm doing what I'm preaching
Gwenevere Abriel: We can always learn something. Is there something that interests you, even a little bit
Joshua Lopez: I'm at the moment, not
Joshua Lopez: In particular, that I could think of was enjoying learning Spanish. I kind of neglected that for the past couple of months just kind of been busy.
Joshua Lopez: I still have the app. And I was enjoying it a notice now and somebody Spanish speaking talks to me could actually carry the conversation pretty decently
Joshua Lopez: And I was learning it and it was it was starting to stick, maybe, maybe I'll go back to to really immersing myself in it again because when I was immersed in it. It was it was a nice distraction. It was a positive distraction.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many people do you know that. And I know you're redeveloping friendships in the community. I already know that part, but just going to ask how many people do you know that speak Spanish.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so, and their first language is English, but they speak Spanish. So, so
Joshua Lopez: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Even casual acquaintances not friends, necessarily, but just like cash people like that. You say you know their name you chitchat with
Joshua Lopez: I would say, quite a few. I mean, and they know it pretty well you know
Gwenevere Abriel: If people are more
Joshua Lopez: Three say about five or more. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how many people
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know that are like more your level. I don't know what where you would consider yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: That know a tiny bit. A few words like are you today and comfortable and you're not just like some basic how to get across the country.
Joshua Lopez: Oh, not very many. Not very many of my friends like would say speak Spanish. Seriously.
Joshua Lopez: Okay. For me, it's serious. I hate being Hispanic and not knowing Spanish
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the walk of shame.
Joshua Lopez: They hate it at work when some of the guys are like, you know, your last name is Lopez and you don't speak Spanish. And it was like
Joshua Lopez: Kind of my parents fault for not teaching us
Joshua Lopez: Because my older brothers, my two oldest brother's they know Spanish because my parents taught in Spanish.
Joshua Lopez: But then when they got to because there's six of us. In total, the oldest to know Spanish. The last board did not learn Spanish so
Joshua Lopez: Kind of like I wish they would have talked to us in Spanish. The only time that they ever talked in Spanish around this is when they didn't want us to know what they were saying, Oh yeah, then you don't pick it up that way.
Joshua Lopez: You know with you because they say Shabbat low and you know it, kid. And you're like,
Joshua Lopez: Dang it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: The reason why I'm asking this, these funny kind of odd questions is, I've been focusing a lot these days on how to take advantage of the teleconference environment. This stuff we're in right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in group I'm bringing up fellowship. I'm saying, don't forget you can go online and so I was pointing out different places.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm also having girls night out on Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I can't meet with them. So we're all meeting here and we're going to chill and we're going to chat. And so we're going to play in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that I don't go cuckoo and getting a cabin fever, so I gotta get out, but it can't go out, so I gotta talk with them. And so then it made me think about Spanish and I started to think
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder if Josh could start a little group, she could go on this app called meetup I'm brainstorming right now with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you go on Meetup. You can create his own meeting, but he's never even thought about this, he could go on meetup and you create a meeting and he would describe it and be like, hey, we're going to go in and we're going to talk, Spanish, we're going to force ourselves to talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: coronavirus and Spanish or this book, you know, it might be a little kid book like kindergarten book or something like let's try and read this together and something cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: And say, our first meeting is going to be this in this day this everybody has to first get on zoom if you decided this one. Maybe it's Google made his face time. I don't know. And then we all meet here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now you're doing what you're socializing. You're practicing Spanish it completely consumed you because you put yourself in charge of it, you're a leader, you're getting it done you're creating something that never existed before. How exciting is that
Joshua Lopez: Okay, now can I create my own meeting rooms and stuff on zoom like
Joshua Lopez: Okay.
Joshua Lopez: Actually, that sounds pretty cool. Maybe some, some people who have a common interest, you know,
Joshua Lopez: Definitely, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you could go on. There's a website and I'm being specific meet up, it is a real place.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay meetup their local like you would you can go on there. When this virus is over and done with, you can meet up with real people and they like to hike. They like to bike. Maybe there's a Spanish club or maybe you'll start a Spanish Club.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that could be your thing. It's a thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It even if it's like I'm just going to do it because I need to get my mind off of this other stuff. So what you start it, you keep it put together for six months. If you don't fall in love with it you do something else let some other guy take over whatever
Gwenevere Abriel: But it got you through those six months. And at the end of the six months you come back to me and you tell me what that was like. I bet those are different six months spent than the way you're spending.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going back and beating yourself up. You've done enough you've paid your penance enough punishment.
Enough.
Definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: Not just sitting here with asking you just said the word Spanish that's two seconds of brainstorming, imagine what will happen if you sit and you think about what interests you, this was me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And my little agenda to try and get people socializing and doing their hobbies and but there's you and your time, your quiet time getting on the internet and thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to sharpen my mind. I want to, I want to do something that really interests me that will take just enough effort that will be a nice distraction on my get into a really dive into it and see what you come up with
Joshua Lopez: Definitely will definitely will make some time today to maybe brainstorm.
Joshua Lopez: Maybe use the Spanish one is like a like a guide, you know, like for instance great examples for the Spanish one maybe create a group that is into cooking or
Joshua Lopez: Or similar stuff, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Or or Dad's not MOMMY, DADDY AND KNEES you know Spanish daddy and means, you know, like it'd be a cute little thing like dads with their kids or you know something cute. That's also you might actually be developing even more like
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of that emotional support stuff or maybe that's too provoking and you don't want to do that. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just think about what's true and real for you and your life. That's where the spark is that's where the momentum will keep going, not around like like cooking. That's actually that's amazing right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, we share recipes. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: This week, it's going to be how to do moly with, you know, such and such chocolate and pepper or something, or I don't know what. But, you know, fun
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, definitely. Definitely. I think that
Joshua Lopez: Whenever I can learn from these things maybe teach my kids. I know they have expressed a huge interest in learning Spanish.
Joshua Lopez: You know, driving from Albuquerque to Los Lunas. It's a good 2030 minute drive and sometimes the kids are just trying to pick my brain on
Joshua Lopez: How do I say this, that, how do I do this, you know, my pronouncing this right and so you know 30 minute drive where we're just talking Spanish and it's not, I'm not the most fluent, so I can't teach them great but
Joshua Lopez: If I immerse myself and I start learning it, it can pass it to them. My daughter also really interesting cooking. So in letting your help me cook the other morning she wanted to cook us breakfast.
Joshua Lopez: At first I was like yeah okay and then the dad in me was like Wait, I don't want you to burn yourself. Let me, let me help out, you know, let me
Joshua Lopez: Let's let us do this a couple of times together and then you know she, she's a really
Joshua Lopez: Cautious kid. So I think
Joshua Lopez: Me kind of been there for the first several time and then maybe have a time where I just kind of observe her make sure she's not. You know what I mean. Practicing the right
Joshua Lopez: The right habits and safe habits. Maybe I'll trust her to say, okay, you know, I'll let you. You know what I mean. Because like let her do the eggs, but the potatoes. Nope. There's a lot of oil in them, you know, just little things like that. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're a good dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just there. I thought, Oh, how about this film. So when you're sort of anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we label the celery and we fridge and the cabinet up. So when you're no no no no English spaniel and the pan and we make ourselves for 20 minutes get all the way through the meal, where we have to use those words.
Gwenevere Abriel: That would be fun. My bet that would take all of your attention. You would giggle and laugh and come away from that was a really beautiful memories.
Joshua Lopez: Absolutely, absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another time to meet. Okay, Josh. Okay.
Joshua Lopez: Um, so this was my long week I'm only off today and tomorrow.
Joshua Lopez: Then the following week is my SHORT WEEK. Um, but I will be in group on Monday. Monday, right, because
Gwenevere Abriel: April 2 I HAVE YOU. I HAVE YOU DOWN FOR APRIL 2 I see it. Okay.
Joshua Lopez: So, so I'll be off, Monday, Tuesday, and then I'll be off, Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
Joshua Lopez: And then it's back to my long week we're only have wednesday thursday so know if maybe you want to do something.
Joshua Lopez: Maybe two weeks from today or
Joshua Lopez: In a day from today. Yeah, yeah. So let me just see here
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I got you for April 13 you'll be in group that's a Monday already wrote that down.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we did
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we did a little over 11 O'clock April 15. Oh, that's a Wednesday, I can't, I don't think that's a good day for you, nevermind. That's not good.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah farm on the 13th on a Monday, then I'll be working that day.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you'll be off Thursday and Friday.
Joshua Lopez: I'll be off, Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. Let me go over to Friday and see what it looks like.
Joshua Lopez: I'm trying to do like the one week, the group when we go okay possible
Gwenevere Abriel: Possible. Yes, we can do that. Why don't I move over. I'll go to April 20
Joshua Lopez: Yeah. And then so so like the week that I had, Friday, Saturday, Sunday off that following week will only be wednesday thursday that I have off.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't, I can't follow what you're saying right now. I'm sorry. Let's
See
Joshua Lopez: Calendar real quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Offer you right now. I'm going to offer you, April 20 in some Monday. I'm going to offer you to 10pm, you look at your calendar April 20 is a Monday to 10 Mountain Standard. See what you see. Okay.
Joshua Lopez: Going out my schedule. Now it's nice because they print out like our entire schedule for the year, including holidays, including everything. And I'm wondering if it might be helpful. Maybe sending you a picture of this so that way.
Joshua Lopez: Okay, maybe
Joshua Lopez: Maybe it'll make more sense because I know it's kind of confusing the long week short me. You know when you're not physically looking at it, it kind of like, for me, it took me a while to understand their schedule.
Joshua Lopez: But let me look at the 20th of April 20 or you're talking in April 20 correct
Joshua Lopez: Okay, so
Joshua Lopez: Let me see. April 20 is being cute will be working
Joshua Lopez: Wait a minute. You have me on group for April 13
Gwenevere Abriel: I do is, that's wrong. No April sex. I have it.
Joshua Lopez: Okay, okay. Yeah, because the 13th. I will be working the 20th. I will not be working. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll do, however, we need it. What did I say to your time to 1028
Joshua Lopez: To 10. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, cuz I haven't
Gwenevere Abriel: I have a group at one. So I'd like to leave a little cushion, just in case.
Joshua Lopez: And then when this session is over. I will send you the best picture I can put it up right now. It's not very big.
Joshua Lopez: So it's gonna be kind of hard to get a clear picture that I don't know if that's going to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: On my camera.
Gwenevere Abriel: As long as you know it, it's okay. We'll keep what we're doing is working just fine. It's what I, when I say I can't follow that. All I'm saying is, let me. I'm just saying, Let me look at my calendar. I can remember I was trying to tell you guys about working memory. I can't, I can't be thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't do on your schedule and my schedule the same time so
Gwenevere Abriel: Lucky yours. I say mine you hold
Gwenevere Abriel: Yours and me cross check. That's all we're doing great. We're figuring it out. You're more than welcome to send it to me that's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure, let me call. All right. Let's talk. Do you need me to message your physician. Do you need me to message. Dr. Aubrey tell anything about medication. This is your time to tell me. Yes, tell her this that
Joshua Lopez: Oh, I believe I will have enough to last until the sixth, so I think I'm good on medication. I believe Dr. All aldermen listening up on yeah element I believe he prescribed me
Joshua Lopez: Like, just enough to get to that group on the six. So it should be fine if anything does pop up though, I will definitely send the message, but I'm pretty sure I'll be okay for me. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's have a quick little reflection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tune into the yourself track how today went
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of watch it as if you're watching a rewind and video and just see what you notice about yourself today, that was a little different, a little noticing about you. That was just ever so slightly different. What did you pick up on.
Joshua Lopez: Um, I picked up on.
Joshua Lopez: On the whole I beat myself up long enough, I've kind of
Joshua Lopez: pay my dues.
Joshua Lopez: And also to put that energy into something else.
Joshua Lopez: And that kind of, you know, I'm not gonna say it was overwhelming, but it kind of lit up a little bit of hope inside that hey,
Joshua Lopez: You don't deserve to beat yourself up and immerse yourself with your kids immerse yourself into this hobby that Queenstown you about into maybe creating a group or activity. I mean it all those are great ideas and I'm even thinking
Joshua Lopez: You know, if it takes a little while to get a group going but maybe have my kids pretty often. Maybe we do two nights a week where we have a dinner where I go in by post it.
Joshua Lopez: Look up certain words on the internet on how to Sam in Spanish, you know, and yeah you know it the whole group thing sounds really good. But even if I can get that going right away, maybe a little group with just me and my little one. This
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Joshua Lopez: Right now, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I said, Spanish night. Yeah.
Joshua Lopez: Like, like I said, if it wasn't like, I'm like, oh, you know, this is my track to feeling better. This is the game plan. I mean it is but
Joshua Lopez: I would be lying if I said, oh, this is this quick solution, but it did, I did feel like a little sense of hope, kind of light up inside, you know, kind of like
Joshua Lopez: You have a game plan, you can
Joshua Lopez: You know, like when said you're stronger than you think you are, you're kind of going through this really rough patch you throw the panic of the world in on on it and you're still, you know, you're still here.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right, you're still standing.
Joshua Lopez: On the floor, not you know
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. That stuff doesn't matter. You notice how you didn't remember you know how like richness was not income in these memories that were you felt complete
Gwenevere Abriel: This has to do with how you felt around your daughter, your daughter is going to remember how she feels around you on Spanish night.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's coming away with a core value system of doesn't matter how much money. How much furniture. This is the good stuff. It's how much love my dad and I have this is crazy. Good. This is the time. This is where we really show up in our core values.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is it. I know it's hard, but it's worth it. The what the message is you're sending your children is just this is just shaping their character forever.
Joshua Lopez: Well as always been. I appreciate it.
Joshua Lopez: A lot
Joshua Lopez: It does like
Joshua Lopez: As a guy you kind of feel weak, for crying or anything like that, and it fills relieving sometimes to be able to do that, you know,
Joshua Lopez: I can cry solo in a car or something, but you know, I'm not really
Joshua Lopez: You know what I'm saying it just
Joshua Lopez: It's nice to actually say it out loud, sometimes and recognize it and you know
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not suffering alone, Josh.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: It may feel like that sometimes, but you're not
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. When you notice that you turn your attention to one of these projects just get into it. Sometimes you'll cry sometimes. Other times, they'll snap to it a little faster. But just know you're not going through this alone. Okay, I know the kind of sorrow, you're talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: This is one human to another. I know what you're talking about. This hurts beyond words. I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And no, you're not going through this alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's why it kind of feels good to be it's something else to be crying in our car alone than it is to be crying or someone who's like saying everything's gonna be okay. You will get to the other side. Right now it just frickin sucks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I'm not talking out of my ass. I know, I know this, this feels like our souls getting ripped out of our eye socket. It's awful.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, it does.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's not go back to those okay we were doing good there for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to go write some stuff down. Go brainstorm go think of cute little things you can go pick up at CVS to kind of put for some of these activities with your kids that to have some fun with them and and see if we can get you guys a little a Spanish Spanish speakers.
Yes, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I look forward to seeing you again. Okay.
Joshua Lopez: Thank you very much. Have a good night. Bye.